smoke blowing above the homes of the sh
neighborhood is a sign of the Relentless
battle between iSell forces and
Palestinian Fighters
below but it's those not fighting who
are coat in the crossfire
I as the Israeli tanks Advanced there
was lots of shooting I saw people
running for their lives so I ran home to
take my family but within minutes the
Israeli tanks surrounded the area we
couldn't leave so we were trapped there
for 3
days without access to food or medical
care these civilians in Northern Gaza
were not only trapped in the homes they
were targeted
too we assumed they would not fire on
children I removed the curtain certain
that they would not fire because only
women and children were in but within
seconds I found myself buried under the
debris in a blink I saw nothing I heard
my children screams buried under the
rubble
[Music]
the Israeli soldiers stormed our home
through gas Bombs all over the ground
floor and stung grenades they smashed
the door and opened fire on us we kept
screaming that we are all women and
children we raised white flags but no
response the Israeli soldiers kept
shooting and shouting at us
nonstop not safe in the homes
Palestinians have the choice of either
state staying and dress being killed or
try to flee with the possibility of the
same
outcome we jumped over the ruins of a
destroyed home at the end of our alley
towards shaf road we saw dead bodies
Torn to Pieces all over the road we ran
towards the main Junction under wave of
tank shells and
bullets it's not clear yet how many
Palestinians have been killed in the
past four days
they have taken my wounded mother she
was taken on the Israeli tank she's
badly wounded I don't know what has
become of her or what happened to her
the Israeli military says two of its
soldiers were killed in fighting on
Saturday but it's their attacks that are
devastating the most vulnerable in Gaza
Northern Gaza was where Israel began its
attacks back in October and months ago
the Israelis claimed they had taken
control of the area but the renew
bombardment and intense fighting show
that in North Gaza like elsewhere in the
strip this war is far from over tabaz Al
jazer Dar balah
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer